Ogmios package, module and test (#46)
mlabs-haskell/cardano.nix: README.md

### Development Shell

Development is supported on linux systems. Virtual machines are run with `qemu` so `kvm` is recommended.

`cardano.nix` provides a devshell that includes various tools to build, test, run and update the project:

```
❯ nix develop
...
❄️ Welcome to the cardano.nix devshell ❄️

[documentation]

  docs-build              - build documentation
  docs-serve              - serve documentation web page

[general commands]

  menu                    - prints this menu

[tests]

  build-all               - build all packages and checks with `devour-flake`
  check                   - run `nix flake check`
  run-vm-test             - list and run virtual machine integration tests

[tools]

  fmt                     - format the source tree
  update-pre-commit-hooks - update git pre-commit hooks
```

A `.envrc` is also provided, using [direnv]() and [nix-direnv](https://github.com/nix-community/nix-direnv) is suggested.

> ### Run Integration Test
> 
> From the devshell, run an integration test that starts `cardano-node` and `ogmios` on the `preview` testnet and checks for synchronization progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running Integration Tests

From the devshell you can run integration tests with `run-vm-test`, for example the following will start `cardano-node` and `ogmios` on the `preview` testnet and will check for synchronization progress.
```

Reviewer: Just wanted to make it a bit more precise, feel free to rephrase (or change again the title, I'm not convinced)
